Good night reserved
I'm leaving, don't miss me too much.
Mrs. Lu, are you really okay?
Mr. Lu, why did you come at this time?
What about Jiangnan? Mrs. Lu has been waiting alone for a long time.
Then the store will close
He ate the whole cake in silence
Then he left in a hurry
Jiangnan
I today
Really forgot the time
But I have a gift for you.
See if you like it.
What are you doing?
Liu Jingchi, am I very cheap in your heart?
Like a dog without dignity
Come and go
Give me a piece of shit and I can eat it with my tail wagging
Can't even drive away
People like me
Does it look like me?
Pardon me?
Can you say that again?
I said I'm not even as good as a Miss Manshan
I'll just tell a joke you're crazy
Who allowed you to say such self-deprecating words?
Ah!
Do I still need to clean and build it myself?
In the eyes of others
I've already seen it in the dust
I'm letting you go out to work during this time
I told you it looked good
Maybe it's time to teach you a lesson